<topic id="version 1-0-0 documentation">
    <title>First [Mini] Release</title>

    <shortdesc>
        A quick [technical] intro on my app and why I chose to do what I did.
        2024 - 10 - 16 
        All dates are in the format YYYY MM DD.
        TLDR: Why I structured my app as so. No GUI as of now.
    </shortdesc>

    <body>
        <p>
            I wanted to do some practice on OOP, making super and child classes.

            PlanStructure.java is very empty and works for now just as a bridge between Main.java and the
            plans. I aim to use this as a sort of glossary or a way to look for plans.

            To access and use different plans, they will all be inheriting from Plan.java. I also made the 
            Exercise.java class act as the foundation for exercises. As of this moment, all the lower and
            specific classes such as Bench, Deadlift, Squat.java, etc. are blank and I will soon implement 
            class-specific attributes such as "areas hit."

            Future plans include a GUI that ties in with what I have in the engine folder. I feel confident
            in my ability to tie it in as well as making new programs as I feel like I have a lot of reusable 
            and understandable code.

            I have yet to implement some methods across the board such as:
            <ul>
                <li>
                    getAssistanceWorkExercises() in Plan.java implementors
                    <p>
                        As of now, I aim to just give a list of exercises to choose from though I should
                        implement a quick volume amount (sets and reps and how heavy + more specifics).
                    </p>
                </li>
                <li>
                    my test files; test.java
                    <p>
                        hopefully a way to match proper weights for the specified week and and day?
                    </p>
                </li>
            </ul>
        </p>
    </body>